you
every day I wake up knowing that the
more people I try to save the more
enemies I will make
and it's just a matter of time
before I face those with more power
and I can overcome
I'm so sorry I'm late
I had a traffic thing did your traffic
jam have anything to do with being I
don't know shot at by machine guns
yeah yeah that was implied that was
implying that he's a park very helpful
you're gonna want to see this Osborne
and you under surveillance
why isn't that the question of the day
there's something you're not telling me
at May I want to talk to them secrets
have a cost the truth does - my name is
Richard Parker I have discovered what
Oscorp was going to use my research for
I have a responsibility to protect the
world from what I know they're capable
of
what is honest the future
literally can change the world what
about Peter not everyone has a happy
ending
this is bigger than you Peter
I made a choice this is my Paul
so everyone who's sick
feels to live in world
without power
merci
spider-man
you